hi thanks for joining me in this review
I'd like to tell you about a very nice
and inexpensive collection of puzzles 3d
puzzles they're from Hasbro and the
collection is called paws 3d puzzle
these puzzles have three levels of
difficulty beginner intermediate and
advanced I bought my son beginner
puzzles that means they're under 200
pieces and the boxes indicate that these
beginner puzzles are for ages 8 and up
my son is almost 8 and the best part of
these puzzles that I've found is the
price I paid 399 a box I got three of
these and at Target I found the post 3d
beginner puzzles for at 399 a box a
great deal we are coming to the end of
winter break which means my kids have
been home for the whole week and before
winter break I went out trying to find
some projects that would keep them
occupied and happy during winter break
and I'm so glad I bought these so the
paws 3d puzzles for beginners are under
200 pieces and they're all roughly about
a foot high first my son did the Eiffel
Tower which has 43 pieces okay this is
what it looks like under side and then
he did the white house which has 74
pieces obviously a little harder this is
what it looks like and if you look
underneath you'll see it's just Hollow
it's open so you just do the the walls
and the top basically and then finally
most recently he did the Empire State
Building which has 65 pieces I mean this
is what it looks like at the end okay to
make these puzzles the kids are working
with these foam pieces they're thick
enough to be very durable if you look
very closely some pieces do have some
cracks and scratches I don't know if
that's from the factory or from shipping
who knows but for the most part they're
quality pieces and for 399 you can't go
wrong the pieces are foam and they're
thick enough to be
the only possible complaint is when you
first get the box you open it you find a
bag of pieces and then a lot of the
pieces have slots and holes and you need
to poke out pieces to get them ready for
use
so the first thing you're doing for at
least five minutes is poking out holes
but then again that's a small complaint
overall the finished product is a good
one and what I like about the beginner
pieces are the beginner puzzles is that
they don't stay together all that well I
mean you can see that they're relatively
easy to take apart on the other hand
that means that kids can take them apart
and do the puzzle again my son already
did a very complex 3d puzzle of st.
Basil's Cathedral and that cooks several
days to make these kinds of puzzles are
like a quiet afternoon project or an
evening project you can do it in a
couple of hours and I like the fact that
the kids are gonna get multiple uses out
of these puzzles rather than just see it
as a one-time project and I really enjoy
the fact that they are famous landmarks
there's that educational factor involved
but possible the other possible
complaint in the fact that I got these
three there was a magical choice anyways
but these three landmarks compared to
st. Basil's Cathedral are very
monochromatic I mean they don't have
much color they don't have that great
visual appeal so maybe my son will have
to move up the level of difficulty if he
wants something more vibrant you know
maybe a castle or a cathedral but in any
case he really enjoyed them they have
the right level of difficulty enough of
a challenge some frustration but not
enough to make the child give up and as
I said they're easy enough that he
actually he did this one at least two
times already the Eiffel Tower so for
399 thumbs up fun engaging educational I
have no other complaints I would
recommend the 3d puzzles from Hasbro
that's done
it fixed
out of these three puzzles which was the
hardest I think the Empire's did Bill
Dean was it with the hardest okay so
this was the hardest which was the
easiest this one was okay so out of
these three so easiest second easiest
hardest but were they fun to do mmm-hmm
you